documentation/33: Add documentation on VPC API endpoints (#34)
exasol/cloudwatch-adapter: README.md

Create a new secret in the [AWS Secrets Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/) with the following values:

> * `host`: VPC-local ip address of your Exasol database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `host`: VPC internal ip address of your Exasol database
```

Reviewer: I think they are usually called internal ip-s.

* `port`: Exasol JDBC port (default: 8563)
* `username`: Name of an Exasol user account with `CREATE SESSION` privileges
* `password`: Password for the account

### VPC Setup

> The CloudWatch adapter must run in the same AWS VPC than the Exasol database. By that it can access the Exasol database using a local IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudWatch adapter must run in the same AWS VPC that the Exasol database runs. By that it can access the Exasol database using a internal IP address.
```
